# Funktstille

# Overview

This repository contains a set of scripts and applications designed to predict the movement path of a device based and sensor data. The main focus is on calculating the final position of a pedestrian in a parcour using machine learning models, particularly neural networks, as well as traditional signal processing techniques. The project is structured with two main applications:

- **0Final.py**: A standalone script for manual CSV file selection and trajectory prediction.
- **1App.py**: A web-based application that allows users to upload their CSV files, which is then processed using the underlying logic from 0FinalVersionfürApp.py.


## Structure

- **0Final.py**: This script is the primary tool for manual testing and analysis. It loads a pre-trained model and applies it to a given CSV file, calculating various parameters such as step length, speed, and trajectory based on GPS data.
- **1App.py**: A web-based application that allows users to upload their CSV files. It utilizes the core logic from **0FinalVersionfürApp.py** to process the data and predict the path.
- **Older and Auxiliary Scripts**: Other scripts in the repository may include older versions or components used for specific tasks such as building the neural network, optimizing hyperparameters, or generating visualizations. Some parts of these scripts were used to develop the final model but are not necessary for the main functionality anymore.
- **Removed/Deprecated Code**: Any code deemed unnecessary for the current version has been removed to maintain a clean and efficient codebase.

## Usage

### 0Final.py

To use the script manually, run it from the command line or an IDE. The script will prompt you to select a CSV file for analysis. Our Project is only comparable with files generated by the App "Sensorlog". If you want to test a different file you can just change the test_path (line 15) to a file of your choice. 

### 1app.py 

Like 0Final.py you can run 1app.py from a command line or an IDE. Then navigate to the local host adress, which should normally be http://127.0.0.1:5000. Now you can upload your csv file through the web interface. After a short delay, you can view the results. 

## Dependencies 

To install all nessesary libraries you can use the command: 
```python
pip install tensorflow scikit-learn pandas geopy matplotlib scipy flask werkzeug
```
**or**
```python
pip3 install tensorflow scikit-learn pandas geopy matplotlib scipy flask werkzeug
```

## Use of AI-assistants

AI technology (ChatGPT by OpenAI) was utilized in the development process to enhance the functionality and capabilities of the project.
